Important information! Please read to the end.
 
These are the Terms and Conditions for the Service
of Hell-Breath. The Service shall be available for
your use only if you agree with the following and
press the button "I Agree".                      
 
The Terms and Conditions shall be applied to all of
those who use the internet online game "Hellbreath"
 
For the harmonious management of the game the   
operator will took a disciplinary action against
users such as yelling prohibition, temporary    
detention of character usage, forced location   
change, etc.                                    
 
.Badwords usage
.Bothering long time other players
.Assuming NPC name to confuse others
 
For the harmonious management of the game the
operator will took a disciplinary action against
users without notice, and if needed also can    
delete the registered account.                  
 
.In case of character growth with abusing program
bugs, abnormal acquire of Items                  
.Excessive badwords to other players.            
.False return in relation to the character       
.In case of spreading fakes to the company or when
taking an assumed operator name.                 
.Bothering directly the management of the game   
.Content of the game (Account, Character, Item)etc
, cash dealings.                                  
.In case of abnormal connection modifying the client
program, or using another program to connect to the
game.                                             
 
In case of discipline punishments or character   
deletion as above the responsability is under the
player, so Siementech Inc. will not compensate in
any case.                                         
 
After creating an 'Account' the 'Personal Regist-
ration Information' given shall not be subject to
change. The only exception shall be the 'Contact 
Address', which will be amended after personal   
verification.                                   
 
If the registered account doesn't accord with the
information of the user, Could bring disadvantage
on user.                                         
 
The responsibility for Personal information, Char-
acter information and Password shall be borne by the
'Account Holder' who is person that is indicated in
the 'Personal Registration Information'. Siementech
Inc. shall not be responsible for any incidence
caused by misuse or carelessness.                 
 
All the rights and privileges associated with the
'Account' Information or the information of game
character and personal information are the       
property of Siementech Inc. Therefore these      
information shall not be given to any third party
for any personal reasons.                        
 
However, Civil.Criminal case of problem occurs we
can public the information                       
 
Siementech Inc. shall not be responsible for any   
incident caused by circuit problems (Lag or Traffic)
of the circuit user.                               
 
The operator won't interfere on problems between
users, We receive only by email in case of game
interior problems.                              
 
E-mail shall be the only valid method for regist-
ration. And other methods (Telephone, Visiting etc)
shall not be deemed invalid.                      
 
www.helbreathusa.com
 
gamemaster@helbreathusa.com
 